Job Summary

Do you have exceptional attention to detail? Would you like to contribute to features used daily by engineers and scientists worldwide? Join a core development team in Cambridge, UK, dedicated to making it easy for teams of engineers to work together using Simulink, working on features like Simulink Projects, Simulink Comparison & Merge tools and more.  
Responsibilities

The role will involve: 

    Developing automated testing suites of an exceptionally high quality that can run on multiple platforms
    Contributing to product development from its earliest stages through software design reviews and code reviews
    Helping evolve and maintain our internal software continuous integration infrastructure

Minimum Qualifications

    A bachelor's degree and 3 years of professional work experience (or a master's degree) is required.

Additional Qualifications

    A good degree in Engineering, Physics, Computer Science or Maths, or a related discipline
    Experience with an OO language such as C++ or Java
    Some programming experience with MATLAB
    Solid interpersonal and written communication skills
    Attention to detail is an essential characteristic
    Must be self-motivated with the ability to work on a small team
    Flexibility to take on varied tasks

Why MathWorks?

It's the chance to collaborate with bright, passionate people. It's contributing to software products that make a difference in the world. And it's being part of a company with an incredible commitment to doing the right thing - for each individual, our customers, and the local community.

MathWorks develops MATLAB and Simulink, the leading technical computing software used by engineers and scientists. The company employs 4000 people in 16 countries, with headquarters in Natick, Massachusetts, U.S.A. MathWorks is privately held and has been profitable every year since its founding in 1984.
Contact us if you need reasonable accommodation because of a disability in order to apply for a position.

The MathWorks, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. View The EEO is the Law poster and its supplement.

The pay transparency policy is available here.
